---
title: '一个纯java的H.264播放器&#8211;Onavia Video Player'
author: jolestar
layout: post
permalink:  /1206729180000/
tags:
  - 多媒体
  - 全部
  - 爬行在网上
  - java
---
# 

在网上闲逛，遇到一个纯java的H.264播放器，看了它的官方网站上的applet，效果确实不错。

 

支持以下几种格式：

*   **.mp4** standard H.264 file format
*   **.mpeg** standard H.264 file format
*   **.h264** standard H.264 file format
*   **.avi** generic video file extension

有以下特征：

 

 

*   **High definition video.** The Onavia H.264 Java Video  
    Player plays the standard resolution and high definition video files  
    that conform to the latest H.264 video compression standard.
*   **End-user controls.** The player has all end-user  
    functions including: play, pause, rewind, fast forward, video duration,  
    elapsed time, clickable progress bar.
*   **Open APIs.** Video publishers and web developers can  
    customize the entire player (e.g. look & feel, colors, borders,  
    window size, video resolution, streaming bandwidth, end-user controls).  
    The player is fully customizable, and allows a publisher not only to  
    control the end user experience, but also gives flexibility to rapidly  
    change the end user experience to keep their website and video viewing  
    experience fresh. It also allows a publisher to create different end  
    user viewing experiences for different websites or within different  
    sections of the same website.
*   **Cost-effective delivery of high quality video.**  
    Enables publishers and web developers to implement H.264 quality video  
    into a website without the need to implement costly Flash servers.
*   Can pull a video file from multiple domains/servers 
*   **Platform independence.** It works on PCs, Macs, and all popular browser (Internet Explorer, Mozzilla, Firefox)
*   **Device independence.** Onavia H.264 Java Video  
    Player can be easily ported to a variety of mobile devices and  
    environments. The only requirement is that a device supports Java.
*   **Automatic Bandwidth detection.** The player  
    automatically senses the available bandwidth at the end user device and  
    adjusts the buffering and streaming to deliver the best possible  
    viewing experience.

 

官方网站： 



 

java在多媒体方面很让人失望，那个JMF框架架构不错，但就是功能太弱。这个播放器的出现，至少说明了java在这方面还是有能力的，只是没发挥出来。
